Support arbitrary `[content](@id name)` anchors (#745) (#2948)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: docs/src/man/syntax.md

    Both user-defined and internally generated header reference labels take precedence over
    docstring references, in case there is a conflict.

> ### Anchors on arbitrary content

Reviewer: This is right now a subsection under `## Header`. Perhaps a different place would be better? E.g. perhaps in or right after the `## [`@ref` and `@id` links](@id at-ref-at-id-links)` section... which, I just realize, really should be renamed, as it sounds as if `@id` was used to create links, when it is there to make anchors / link targets. Which that section doesn't even properly explain, other by giving an example.

So in that light, it fits even better: you text could be adjusted to explain `@id` in general, and then it is quite natural to state as something that can be applied to lots of things.

The `[content](@id name)` syntax is not restricted to headers: it can attach a named anchor
to arbitrary inline content, turning it into a cross-reference target. This is useful, for
example, to link a thumbnail image to the section or figure it previews:

```markdown
A named anchor on inline text: [some text](@id my-anchor).

A clickable thumbnail that is itself an anchor target:

[![thumbnail](assets/thumb.png)](@id figure-1)

... elsewhere ...

Jump to [the anchored text](@ref my-anchor) or [Figure 1](@ref figure-1).
```

> Unlike the header form, the link wrapping the content is *not* removed: the content is

Reviewer: I don't understand this, which "link" is not removed, and where? Are you talking about `[![thumbnail](assets/thumb.png)](@id figure-1)` ?

rendered as usual, wrapped in an anchor (`<span id="...">` in HTML, `\hypertarget` in
``\LaTeX``) that `@ref` links can point to.

These anchors share a single id namespace with header `@id` labels (so a duplicate id is

> reported the same way a duplicate header is), and they are written into the `objects.inv`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These anchors share a single id namespace with header `@id` labels, so a duplicate id is
reported the same way a duplicate header is. They are written into the `objects.inv`
```
